Welcome to day 12.
Today we are going to learn how to use an indispensable tool called TK Inter.
Although some pronounce it as tachymeter, its function is nothing but to generate graphical user interfaces.
Yes, today we are going to be able to see our code in screen with colors, buttons, boxes and more.
To enter is that tool you may have been waiting to use since day one.
As always, we are going to learn how to use this new tool by applying it in a real world project.
Let's create together a restaurant manager.
This application will allow you to enter all the consumptions that people in a specific table at a restaurant
have made, along with their amounts and prices.
This application will allow you to get a detail of the money that corresponds to each customer.
It will also have a built in calculator so you can make additional calculations and it will also allow
you to generate a receipt with a ticket number, date and everything else, which in turn you can save
in a text file on your computer to print if necessary or send to Kintore is finally coming, and we
all are super ready to face this great challenge.
Let's get started right now.